Generating webpages with latex2html that fit within the rest of our
styled website requires a bit of tweaking.  latex2html is perl based and
you can provide function substitutions via a .init file that you pass on
execution.  These substitutions allow you to overwrite the style file
and the top and bottom navigation panels.

If you are creating a new document, you can probably copy the .init file
from the others without any difficulty.  The Makefiles are setup with
the scheme of document_name.tex, and you would need the .init file to be
named document_name.init.

Originally we tried to use the sourceforge version of latex2html,
however it is patched for japanese and injects japanese in some places
regardless of execution options.

The .init files have been modeled around latex2html 1.71 (2002-2-1)
which is available by default in debian.  The main difference for the
navigation panels between this version and the sourceforge version, is
that it tries to inject a div around the navigation panels.  However,
this is not what we want for our layout, so the navigation panel
functions have a leading closing div at the top and an opening div at
the bottom.

If you are using a Makefile styled on the others, make html should
generate the html tree.  If the document has labels or other things you
will need to fully compile it to fill in the .aux file before the html
will work entirely.  I believe latex2html will warn you if this is
necessary.

latex2html outputs into a subdirectory.  You can just scp the
subdirectory to the webtree.
